20
5
Driving Theory Test One
CDCABDCCADBACACCAAAA
At the scene of a traffic accident you should
Make sure that all passengers are pulled out of the vehicles
Make sure that all vehicles' engines are still on
Make sure you are not exposing yourself to any risks
Make sure that the arriving police and ambulance see you
You are involved in a car accident: your vehicle is slightly damaged and there is one injured person. You should
Find out the name and telephone number of the other driver
Find out whether the other driver has a driving license
Find out the other driver's age and whether he is an experienced driver
Make a note about the registration number insurance details and the ownership rights of the other driver
Why should you ensure that your car fuel cap is fastened securely?
It causes more pollution
It decreases the level of engine noise
Petrol spillage is dangerous to other road users
It affects your vehicle efficiency
When are you allowed to use the hard shoulder on a motorway?
Only in case of emergency
To make a call
To look the map
To rest for a while when you feel tired
You are at the scene of an accident and a casualty has just stopped breathing. You should
Tilt the person's head forward gently to clear his/her airway
Move the person's head back gently to clear the airway
Raise the person's body to a sitting position
Wait until the ambulance arrives
You see an injured person on a busy road. You should first
Make sure the person is in the recovery position
Attempt to move the person and treat him/her for shock
Attempt to move the person onto the pavement
Warn other traffic
You see a person suffering from shock following an accident. You should
Reassure him that everything will be ok and leave him alone to rest
Offer him water and a cigarette
Not leave him alone and keep him warm
Talk to him about the accident
You suspect that there has been an accident at the end of a long, congested tunnel. You check for
Flashing lights
Other drivers' opinions
Message signs from tunnel officials
Hazard warning lines
You have to treat someone for a burn after the collision. What is the shortest recommended time the burn should be cooled for?
10 minutes
20 minutes
2 minutes
5 minutes
You see an injured motorcyclist. What would you do about removing his helmet?
Remove it so you can ask him about the accident
Remove it to ease his breathing
Remove it only if the injured motorcyclist wants the help
Do not remove the helmet because this may cause even more serious injury
You are involved in an accident and need to get hold of certain information from the other driver. What would this information include?
Driver's insurance details, name, driving experience record
Driver's insurance details, name, phone number and address
Driver's insurance details, name and address
Driver's insurance details, name, occupation
If your vehicle breaks down on a level crossing you should
Try to move the vehicle clear of the crossing if you have time before train arrives. Otherwise leave the vehicle and get clear of the crossing immediately.
Try to fix the vehicle on the level crossing
Stay in the car and use your horn to warn the the driver of the oncoming train.
Stay near the vehicle and try to warn the driver of the oncoming train
What would be the most important thing to check if you see an unconscious person at the scene of an accident?
Check if the person is breathing and whose fault the accident was
Check the belongings of the person e.g. find an ID card
Check whether the person is breathing and whether there is a clear airway
Check whether the person is warm
You have just been in a small accident while driving through a tunnel. Your car is faulty. You should
Switch on your hazard warning lights and switch off the engine
Switch off the engine and get outside
Leave your car there and take alternative transport
Call the police
At the scene of an accident a woman has injured her arm and it is bleeding. You advise her to hold the injured arm up. Why?
It will make the experience less painful
It will make her more visible to the doctors
It should reduce the bleeding
It will help her to overcome the shock
After breaking down on a motorway you find the emergency telephone. You need to know the following:
Your insurance company details, your driving licence details and the vehicle's details
Your driving licence details, the vehicle's details and the emergency phone number
Vehicle's details, the emergency phone number and your membership to a motoring organization
Your vehicle's number plate details and driving licence details
You see a burning vehicle at a road accident scene. You
Shouldn't get involved if it puts you at risk
Should help the casualties even if it means risking your life
Pull everyone from the burning vehicle and move them to a safe position
Stay close to the burning car to see what others will do
You get a flat tyre on the motorway. You get your car onto the hard shoulder. You should..
Use the emergency telephone and call for help
Try to stop another vehicle for help
Change the wheel if you have right tools with you
Change the wheel yourself right away
What does looking after casualties involve?
Keeping them in the vehicle
Getting them as far as possible from the vehicle
Talking to them and offering food and water while waiting for the police
Providing First Aid regardless of whether you have received such training
There are important things to keep in mind to prevent your car from setting on fire. They are
If you smell anything unusual such as burning rubber, petrol or an electrical fault. Investigate immediately.
Worn shock absorbers can cause fire and they need to be replaced immediately
Check exhaust emissions at least once per month
Check the fluid levels in your vehicle at least monthly